Home Office Chair (White, Black, or Grey) | Humble Crew
Free Shipping + 15% Off Your First Purchase
Shop
Kids Organization
Kids Furniture
Ottomans
Living Room
SHOP ALL
Support
Replacement Parts
Assembly Videos
Product Registration
About
About Us
Blog
Giving Back
Living Room
River Collection Chair
$39.99
Color:
River Collection (White)
Stanton Collection (Black)
Monroe Collection (Grey)
River Collection (White) - Sold out
Stanton Collection (Black) - Sold out
Monroe Collection (Grey) - $39.99
qty:
Incorporate understated modern style into your work or living space with the Humble Crew Plastic Desk Chair with Metal Frame. Its sleek, industrial design features a durable metal frame with a plastic square seat and back. This compact office chair is perfect for use at your home office desk or in the kitchen, blending in effortlessly for a fresh and classic aesthetic. Lightweight and stackable, it is easy to store when not in use.
This armless chair with no wheels also adds a polished look to teen bedrooms, makeup vanities or dorm rooms.  With a slim and narrow yet sturdy construction, it is the perfect small-space living solution for any room requiring additional seating. It is easy to assemble with all hardware included.  Simply wipe clean for a long lasting, contemporary look in whatever room you choose.  Each chair has a maximum 200 lb. weight limit and is sold separately. This chair is available in white, black and grey to seamlessly suit any home's style.
Product DimensionsAssembled Chair Dimensions: 16"W x 19"D x 30"HSeat Height: 18"Item weight: 6 lbs
Customer Reviews
Based on 1 review
Write a review
Share
Related Products
Brooklyn Storage Ottoman Bench
Stockholm Bookcase with Adjustable Shelving Storage Bookshelf, Oak/White
Seine Bookcase with Adjustable Shelving Storage Bookshelf, Dark Walnut/Black
Dylan Ottoman
Save 15%
off your first purchase.
Join our email list to receive special offers like this, updates, and chances to win free suff.
No thanks
Entry Details
Our Products
Kids Furniture
Kids Organization
Living Room
Dining & Kitchen
Bedroom
Ottomans
Our Company
About Us
Blog
Careers
Giving Back
Support
Assembly Videos
Contact
Product Registration
Replacement Parts
Refunds
Shipping
Privacy Statement
Terms of Service
Connect with us for special offers, exclusives and updates. Share snaps of you, your family or friends using our products. Or just post a few fun pics of your pets. We love animals! And we love to get social.
© 2024 Humble Crew. All rights reserved.
Your Cart is empty.